well we've been hearing who's going to
be practicing their Paso Doble or
rehearsing their rumba in this year's
series of Strictly Come Dancing the 16
celebrities were unveiled just a few
minutes ago and I know you can't wait to
hear them so here's a rundown of exactly
who's taking part
we have Ally Bastian who is from the
bill we have a Lynda Bellingham who's a
course a national treasure actress and
TV presenter Natalie Cassidy who used to
be in EastEnders Martina Hingis a real
genuine star there of course former
Wimbledon champion and several times
Grand Slam winner Jay Johnson are the
long jumper and an Olympic athlete
Zoe lucker who was a necklace and star
of Footballers Wives Leila Russo was
also in Footballers Wives a good showing
there and Joe would of course at Ronnie
Wood Doggett's Rolling Stones ex-wife
she's also a businesswoman and model
we're told now worth the men taking part
include Joe Calzaghe a britain's only
undefeated boxing world champion richard
Dunwoody the horse racing legend Ricky
grows from EastEnders and actor there
Chris Hollins a familiar face from BBC
Breakfast Craig Kelly who of course is
from Coronation Street Phil Tufnell
who's a sporting legend for Mac Ritter
and TV presenter Ricky Whittle who's an
actor who was in Hollyoaks and Robert
Wilding the TV presenter from that crime
watch interestingly there I think Phil
Tucker I think he's the first person
who's taken part in ITV's a flagship
reality show on a celebrity get me out
of here and BBC's Strictly so that's the
lineup of 16 dancers who were going to
be strutting their stuff over the next
few weeks competing for these Strictly
Come Dancing trophy well these are where
some jaws are hitting the desk here or
just recovering from some of those
believe I'm not doing it this year Chris
Hollins he's a colleague of ours of
course any any any odds around any bets
on already
no I mean people are already saying a
bit about Phil Tufnell of course he won
I'm a celebrity get me out of here a
very very kind of popular face with
audiences but also people like Martina
Hingis of Cour
she is somebody who's already you know a
world champion you know a star across
the the planet and you know might not be
totally familiar with what strict is all
about but he's taking part in as a top
sports woman she'll obviously be giving
all she's got so she's another good tip
I think too they go in there but you
know at these contests are like Nick you
took part in one you know it's
completely open the people who they
expect to win sometimes don't do very
well and you can be really surprised by
the end of the series